All right are you ready for the next and final step of the whole cube learning algorithm.
Indeed we just computed the temporal difference and now the only remaining thing we have to do is to
of course update the cube value by just adding the temporal difference multiplied by the learning rate
alpha.
So let's do this.
We're going to end this very easily because indeed it's a simple formula to translate into code.
We just need to take the cube values into our matrix of q values the Q value of the current state s
t and then as we see the action 80 you know that we played in step 2 but remember the action is nothing
else than the state as Plus one that is next state that we reach by playing that action 80 and therefore
here instead of bring this action we can just put next 8.
All right.
So this is the q value that we have to update.
And now there are two ways we can update it the elegant way is by incremented this way by using this
plus equal.
And then just adding what we need to incremented by which is Alpha multiplied by the temporal difference.
All right so that's the first way the most elegant way.
And if you really want to you know clearly see what is going on here.
Well what is happening here with this plus equals is that we are updating the previous Q value of the
current state and state by just adding the learning rates multiplied by the temporal difference.
Right that's exactly the same.
So here is the previous Q value that is this q value here and this one is the new q value after the
object that is after adding this.
So this one is exactly this one right.
So that's just to explain how we can translate a formula into code.
And here we are.
Congratulation.
Now we are done with the whole Q learning algorithm and then what does it mean.
Well that means we're ready to go into production.
That's exciting.
And speaking of going into production well part 3 is ready so we'll structure this way will actually
make a tool that takes as inputs the starting location.
That is the location where our autonomous wherehouse robot is at a specific time t and the ending location
which remember is the top priority location and this tool by taking those two inputs will have to return
the shortest route going from the starting location to the ending location.
And of course to do that to compute the shortest route well it will use of course the Q values that
were computed through this learning process on 1000 iterations of course before returning anything you
know from this tool that will make in part 3.
Well we'll run this with a high reward in the matrix of words which will be in the location where we
have to go.
So we'll make that manually first.
But then at the end and in the final homework's of the section will improve our tools so that we don't
even have to manually change the reward in the top priority location.
So we'll have several steps of going into production first.
A simple solution and then an improved solution.
So let's do that in the next couple of tutorials and until then enjoy AI.